Derek Lam is an American fashion designer, known for a calculated simplicity and modern sensibility. In addition to designing his own line, Lam was Tod's Creative Director for ready-to-wear and accessories from 2005 until 2010.
Year 1205 (MCCV) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

3X1 (Traditional Chinese: 三一如三) is a Hong Kong television drama series produced by HK Television Entertainment, and broadcast by ViuTV.
The series is the second self-made drama series to be aired on ViuTV, and it premiered on 25 July 2016.


8 (eight /ˈeɪt/) is the natural number following 7 and preceding 9.


Acne Studios is a multidisciplinary fashion house based in Stockholm, Sweden with own-brand retail stores in locations around the world. It was founded in 1996 as part of the creative collective ACNE. The fashion house offers men's and women's ready-to-wear fashion, footwear, accessories and denim, as well as special artistic collaborations and one-off projects.

Adam Lippes (born December 24, 1972) is an American fashion designer who came to prominence at Oscar de la Renta and has had his own company since 2004.

Adidas Originals (often stylized as "adidas Originals") is a line of casual sports clothing, the heritage line of German sportswear brand Adidas specializing in shoes, shirts, coats, bags, sunglasses and other accessories.
The clothing and the accessories are under the categories Superstar, Adicolor among others, they are designed under the Adidas company. There was also a collection named "Originals Denim" by Diesel a concept being trialled in New York City and Berlin.


Agnona is an Italian fashion house, fabric producer, and home furnishings company. Founded in 1953 by Francesco Ilorini Mo, and later led by Alberto Ilorini, it was acquired by Ermenegildo Zegna Group in 1999. Agnona was initially a wool mill that produced fabric for fashion houses, and in the 1970s the company began a fashion house as well. Simon Holloway is its creative director as of December 1, 2015, succeeding Stefano Pilati.

Ainea is a genus of perennial, herbaceous and bulbous plants belonging to the iris family (Iridaceae), endemic from Oaxaca in Mexico. They have white flowers with free stamens and a bifid style. The genus include only one species, Ainea conzattii, which grows in coniferous forest up to 2000 m.a.s.l. Currently, this genus is considered a synonym of Tigridia.
An alaia (pronounced [aːˈlɐjaː]) is a thin, round-nosed, square-tailed surfboard ridden in pre-20th century Hawaii. The boards were between 7 and 12 ft (2.1 and 3.7 m) long, weighed up to 100 lb (45 kg), and were generally made from the wood of Acacia koa. They are distinct from modern surfboards in that they have no ventral fins, and instead rely on the sharpness of the edges to hold the board in the face of the wave.
Modern alaias are 5’ to 12’ long and are the larger version of the Paipo board, used for knee or belly surfing, and the smaller version of the Olo board, generally between 18’ and 24’ long. All of these board types are similar in that all are made of wood and are ridden without a fin/skeg.

Alberta Ferretti (Cattolica, 1950) is an Italian fashion designer and dressmaker. She designs for Alberta Ferretti, and designed for Philosophy di Alberta Ferretti until 2014. Her showroom is in Milan, Italy but her studio is in the village of Cattolica, near Rimini, Italy.
In 1968, Alberta Ferretti opened her first boutique, called Jolly, in Cattolica. She designed a first collection in 1973 and co-founded Aeffe S.p.A (a publicly-traded clothing manufacturer and distributor) in 1976. She began showing seasonal collections on the runways of Milan in 1981. She launched Ferretti Jeans Philosophy in 1989, renamed Philosophy di Alberta Ferretti in 1994. In 1994 she renovated a 13th-century castle into the Palazzo Viviani hotel in Montegridolfo.

NYC Prep is an American reality television series on Bravo. The series debuted on June 23, 2009. The series follows six Manhattan teenagers in their daily lives as they attended events such as weekend parties, fashion shows, shopping sprees, charity events and dinner parties. The series drew many comparisons to the hit CW television show Gossip Girl because both shows revolved around the lives of Manhattan's "elite" teenagers. Filming was not allowed during school, nor were any school names specifically mentioned on the show, as the schools desired to distance themselves from the show.

Alexander Lewis (October 4, 1822 – April 18, 1908) was a wholesale goods, insurance, and real estate businessman and mayor of Detroit, Michigan.
Lee Alexander McQueen, CBE (17 March 1969 – 11 February 2010) was a British fashion designer and couturier. He is known for having worked as chief designer at Givenchy from 1996 to 2001 and for founding his own Alexander McQueen label. His achievements in fashion earned him four British Designer of the Year awards (1996, 1997, 2001 and 2003), as well as the CFDA's International Designer of the Year award in 2003. McQueen died by suicide in 2010 at the age of forty.

Alexis Bittar is the CEO and Creative Designer of the eponymous jewelry company, best known for his signature Lucite bangles and high fashion runway collaborations. In 2004, Bittar was named the "Rising Star of the Year" by the prestigious Accessories Council of Excellence (ACE). In 2010, he won the CFDA Accessory Designer of the Year award. In November 2014, he will receive the ACE Award for Brand of the Year.

Alice + Olivia is a New York, New York-based contemporary clothing company with designer Stacey Bendet at the helm. The global brand launched at Barneys in 2002 and is now sold in over fifty countries.

Joseph Altuzarra is a luxury women's ready-to-wear clothing designer. He launched his brand, Altuzarra, in New York in 2008. His brand is influenced by his multicultural upbringing and his international education in fashion.


Anna Sui (Traditional Chinese: 蕭志美, Simplified: 萧志美, pinyin: Xiāo Zhìměi, Japanese: アナスイ) (born August 4, 1964) is an American fashion designer from Detroit. She was named one of the "Top 5 Fashion Icons of the Decade" and in 2009 earned the Geoffrey Beene Lifetime Achievement Award from the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA), joining the ranks of Yves Saint Laurent, Giorgio Armani, Ralph Lauren, and Diane von Furstenberg. Her brand categories include several fashion lines, footwear, cosmetics, fragrances, eyewear, jewelry, accessories, home goods and a gifts line. Anna Sui products are sold through her free-standing stores and distributors around the world in over 50 countries. In 2006, Fortune estimated the collective value of Sui's fashion empire at over $400 million.


Anthony Vaccarello is an Italian-Belgian fashion designer and currently creative director at Yves Saint Laurent. Prior to this he held the position of creative director at Versus Versace, as well as designing his own eponymous line.

Isabel Marant is a French house of fashion founded in 1994 by designer Isabel Marant. Originally consisting only of a line of jerseys and knitwear, the brand is currently most popular for its shoes, which have been worn by many celebrities, including Kate Bosworth, Katie Holmes, Anne Hathaway and Hilary Duff.

Antonio Berardi (born 1968, Grantham, Lincolnshire, England), is a British fashion designer of Sicilian descent, known especially for his dresses. He currently shows his collection at London fashion week, but has shown at Milan and Paris in the past.

Anya Susannah Hindmarch, CBE (born 1968) is an English fashion accessories designer who founded an eponymous company.


Barbara Casasola (born 16 June 1984) is a London-based Brazil-born fashion designer. She presents two womenswear collections a year for her eponymous label during London Fashion Week.

Belstaff, a British brand, founded in Longton, Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire in 1924 by Eli Belovitch and his son-in-law Harry Grosberg – the name is a combination of Eli's surname and his Staffordshire home. Belstaff became the first company to use wax cotton in the manufacturing of waterproof apparel for motorcycling.
In 2011, The Labelux group acquired Belstaff and repositioned it as a British heritage brand centred on luxury sportswear. Tommy Hilfiger was brought in as a business consultant. In July 2014, along with Jimmy Choo and Bally, Belstaff was fully integrated into its parent group JAB Luxury GmbH. JAB management now directly oversee the brand.


Sacha Dean Bïyan is a fashion photographer and photojournalist based in Manhattan.


Bottega Veneta is an Italian luxury goods and high fashion brand house best known for its leather goods which are sold worldwide and its men's and women's ready-to-wear. Founded in 1966 in Vicenza, Veneto of northeastern Italy, its atelier is located within an 18th-century villa in Montebello Vicentino and its headquarters is in Lugano, Switzerland with offices in Milan and Vicenza, Italy. In 2001, Bottega Veneta was purchased by Gucci Group, and is now a part of the French multinational group Kering. In September 2016, it was announced that Claus-Dietrich Lahrs would be named CEO, replacing Carlo Beretta.

Bouchra Jarrar (born November 14, 1970 in Cannes) is a French haute couture fashion designer.

Brian Atwood (August 4) is an American shoe designer. He studied at the Fashion Institute of Technology before becoming a model. He gave Versace management a handwritten resume which led to a job offer.

Brunello Cucinelli (born September 3, 1953 at Castel Rigone) is an Italian fashion designer and eponymous chief executive of his brand, Brunello Cucinelli. He donates up to 20% of his profits through the Brunello Cucinelli Foundation.

Burberry Group, Inc., is a British luxury fashion house headquartered in London, England. Its main fashion house focuses on and distributes ready-to-wear outerwear, fashion accessories, fragrances, sunglasses, and cosmetics.
Established in 1856 by Thomas Burberry, originally focusing on the development of outdoor attire, the fashion house has moved on to the high fashion market developing pattern-based scarves, trench coats, and other fashion accessories. The first shop opened up in the Haymarket, London, in 1891. Burberry was an independent family controlled company until 1955, when it was reincorporated. The fashion house has dressed notable actors, world leaders, musicians, and athletes.

Carolina Bucci (born 1976) is an Italian jewellery designer. Born in Florence, Italy, she lives between London, UK and New York City, United States.


Christian Louboutin (French: [kʁis.tjɑ̃ lu.bu.tɛ̃]; born 7 January 1964) is a French fashion designer whose footwear has incorporated shiny, red-lacquered soles that have become his signature.

Christopher Kane (born 26 July 1982) is a Scottish fashion designer based in London whose brand is now part of Kering.

Cinq à sept (literally, "five to seven"; French pronunciation [sɛ̃kasɛt]; English pronunciation /sɛŋkæˈsɛt/ sengk-a-SET) is a Quebec French term for a social gathering that takes place after work and prior to the dinner hours (roughly between 5 and 7 p.m.). It may bring together friends or colleagues or may be organized around a specific event, such as a book launch or vernissage. Wine, beer, and cocktails are served along with finger foods and other hors d'oeuvres. Such a party held later may be named for the specific time (e.g. six à huit).

Comme des Garçons, French for "Like Boys" and written in Japanese as コム・デ・ギャルソン (Komu de Gyaruson), is a Japanese fashion label headed by Rei Kawakubo, who owns the company with her husband Adrian Joffe.
Comme des Garçons is based in Tokyo and also in the prestigious Place Vendôme in Paris, the city in which they show their main collections during Paris Fashion Week and Paris Men's Fashion Week.
The Japanese flagship store is in Aoyama, Tokyo's high fashion district. The company also has concept stores Trading Museum Comme des Garçons and 10 Corso Como Comme des Garçons in Tokyo, and stores in Kyoto, Osaka and Fukuoka. Worldwide they have traditional Comme des Garçons stores in Rue du Faubourg St-Honoré in Paris and on West 22nd Street in New York City, as well as stores in Hong Kong, Beijing, Bangkok, Seoul, Singapore, and Manila.
Since 2004, Comme des Garçons has developed a market-based department store concept, stocking its main collections, its other brands, such as Shirt, Play, and a wide range of international designers. Its original market store, called Dover Street Market, is in Mayfair in London. In 2010, the company opened I.T Beijing Market Comme des Garçons, which was followed by a new market store in Ginza, Tokyo, in 2012 and New York City in 2013.


Sophie Mechaly, previously known as Sophie Albou (born in 1967) is a Paris-born designer best known as the founder of the Paul & Joe clothing line. The daughter of Yvan and Nicole Haggiag, a clothing company executive and designer respectively, Mechaly was educated at the Sorbonne and the Institut Français de la Mode before going to work for the clothing company Azzedine Alaia in 1983.
In 1995, she started a menswear company called Paul & Joe, adding a womenswear line in 1996. The first show in the United States was opened in New York City in 1996.
Mechaly opened another store in Notting Hill, and also has a store in Covent Garden. The London stores were closed due to what was rumoured to be financial trouble – they reopened in 2009, with the explanation that it was simply restructuring.
Mechaly partnered with American apparel company Urban Outfitters to produce a female casualwear line, Rendez-Vous, in 2011.
In 2015, it was announced that Mechaly will partner with American lingerie company Cosabella to produce a female lingerie line, Paul & Joe x Cosabella, to be released in Spring-Summer 2016.

Max Azria (Arabic: ماكس عزرية) (born January 1, 1949) is a Tunisian fashion designer who founded the contemporary women's clothing brand BCBGMAXAZRIA. Azria is also the designer, chairman and CEO of the BCBG Max Azria Group, a global fashion house that encompasses over 20 brands. He is based in Los Angeles.

Cushnie et Ochs is an American fashion house founded in 2008 by Carly Cushnie and Michelle Ochs, upon their graduation from Parsons School of Design. Their signature looks are clean, modern cut-out dresses, sculpted knitwear, and tailored pieces best known for impeccable fit. Their work is described as a "sleek, sexy and modern," and the pair are known to wear their own clothing often.  As members of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, Carly and Michelle utilize their unique sensibilities to create a shared creative vision and collections that juxtapose bold sensuality with minimalist sophistication.

Malene Birger is a Danish fashion designer. She co-founded Day Birger et Mikkelsen in 1997 and By Malene Birger in 2003.

Deborah Marquit (born in Brooklyn, New York, USA ) is an American Fashion designer specializing in women's foundations and intimate apparel and was inducted into the Council of Fashion Designers of America in 2009, in 2016, Marquit created lingerie for Rihanna, Scarlet Johansson, and Zoe Kravitz. Marquit's collections marry the ironic and the traditional and her creations initiated the idea to wear lingerie meant to be seen or to wear as clothing. Marquit is the first known fashion designer to introduce the use of Fluorescent (Neon) colors in the creation of women's foundation garments, bras, and underwear in 1984, during a period in fashion when it was considered indecent for a bra to be showing from under a woman's clothing. This innovation earned her first sale to 17 Bloomingdales stores across the USA that launched her brand globally.  Beginning in 1985, Marquit introduced RTW (ready to wear) fabrics within her collections creating foundations made with atypical materials such as camouflage print, Pleather, and Denim initiating a fashion trend for lingerie to be worn as clothing and filling the void where lingerie meets fashion. In 2016 the company has grown to an international brand selling to both retail and wholesale channels.
She began her career as a fashion illustrator for Women's Wear Daily before moving into the fashion market. Deborah Marquit collections are manufactured in New York City, USA and sell to retailers, such as Barneys, Net-a-Porter, and Yoox.com.


Derek Lam is an American fashion designer, known for a calculated simplicity and modern sensibility. In addition to designing his own line, Lam was Tod's Creative Director for ready-to-wear and accessories from 2005 until 2010.
Derek Lam is an American fashion designer, known for a calculated simplicity and modern sensibility. In addition to designing his own line, Lam was Tod's Creative Director for ready-to-wear and accessories from 2005 until 2010.

Diane von Fürstenberg, formerly Princess Diane of Fürstenberg (German: Diane Prinzessin zu Fürstenberg; born Diane Simone Michelle Halfin; December 31, 1946) is a Belgian-American fashion designer best known for her iconic wrap dress. She initially rose to prominence when she married into the German princely House of Fürstenberg, as the wife of Prince Egon of Fürstenberg. Following their divorce in 1972, she has continued to use his family name.
Her fashion company, Diane von Furstenberg (DVF) is a global luxury lifestyle brand available in over 70 countries and 45 free-standing shops worldwide, with the company's headquarters and flagship boutique located in Manhattan's Meatpacking District.
She is president of the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA), a position she has held since 2006; in 2014 was listed as the 68th most powerful woman in the world by Forbes; and in 2015 was included in the Time 100, as an Icon, by Time Magazine.

Dion Lee (born 2 October 1985) is an Australian fashion designer who established his eponymous brand at the age of 23.
Lee debuted at Australian Fashion Week in 2009 after graduating from Sydney Institute of Technology the year prior. He was the first designer to stage a runway presentation at the Sydney Opera House in 2010.
After a national collaboration with Australian retail chain Cue Clothing Company in 2011, Lee announced a partnership in 2013 with the retailer who acquired an undisclosed shareholding of the business.
In September 2012, Lee showed at London Fashion Week for the second time and in February 2013, participated in the International Woolmark Prize as the Australian Finalist, also presented at London Fashion Week. He was profiled by Vogue US in 2013 in a feature article entitled 'From a Land Down Under'.
Lee debuted his Spring 2014 collection at New York Fashion Week in September 2013. After presenting regularly on the schedule, it was his Fall 2016 show, which saw American Vogue declare that ‘With his show this morning … Lee came of age as a New York designer’.
The label has been worn by Oscar Winners Jennifer Lawrence, Cate Blanchett and Charlize Theron.
Lee now divides his time between Sydney where his business and manufacturing headquarters are located and the brand's secondary base in New York.

DKNY is a New York-based fashion house specializing in fashion goods for men and women, founded in 1984 by Donna Karan.

Dolce & Gabbana (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdoltʃe e ɡɡabˈbaːna]) is a luxury Italian fashion house founded in 1985 in Legnano by Italian designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana.
The two met in Milan in 1980 and designed for the same fashion house. In 1982 they established a designer consulting studio; in time it grew to become "Dolce & Gabbana". They presented their first women's collection in 1985 in Milan, where a year later their store would open its doors.
In 1988, they launched their leotard line, and in 1989 they began designing underwear and swimming costumes. Dolce & Gabbana started to export their products to Japan and other countries like the U.S., where they founded their own showroom in 1990. In 1992, the same year they presented their men's collection, they also launched their first perfume Dolce & Gabbana. They won the Woolmark award in 1991, and the prize "most feminine flavor of the year" in 1993. Towards the end of the 1990s their sales were around 500 million dollars and in 2003 their revenue reached $633 million. By 2005, their turnover was €600 million.

DKNY is a New York-based fashion house specializing in fashion goods for men and women, founded in 1984 by Donna Karan.

Drôme (French pronunciation: ​[dʁom]; Droma in Occitan, Drôma in Arpitan) is a department in southeastern France named after the Drôme River.

Duffy (born 23 June 1984 as Amie Ann Duffy) is a Welsh singer, songwriter and actress. Born in Gwynedd, Wales, she was introduced to Jeannette Lee of Rough Trade Records, which led to her signing a recording contract with A&M Records in 2007.


Duro Olowu is a Nigerian-born, London-based fashion designer. He is best known for his innovative combinations of patterns and textiles that draw inspiration from his international background. His empire waist patchwork "Duro" dress was named "dress of the year" by both American and British Vogue in 2005. Some of Olowu's notable clients include Michelle Obama, Solange Knowles, and Iris Apfel. In 2005 he won "New Designer of the Year" at the British Fashion awards, the first designer in history to win without ever showing a runway presentation.

Edie Kerouac-Parker (1922–1993) was the author of the memoir You'll Be Okay, about her life with her first husband, Jack Kerouac, and the early days of the Beat Generation. While an art student under George Grosz at Columbia University, she and Barnard student and friend Joan Vollmer shared an apartment on 118th Street in New York City which came to be frequented by many of the then unknown Beats, among them Vollmer's eventual husband William S. Burroughs, and fellow Columbia students Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg as well as Lucien Carr.
Born in Detroit, Parker was raised in Grosse Pointe Park, Michigan. Edie and Jack were married on August 22, 1944 at Manhattan Municipal Building in downtown New York. At the time, Jack was in jail as an accessory after the fact in Lucien Carr's murder of David Kammerer. This event expedited their intention to marry as Jack's father, Leo, refused to bail him out of jail. Jack was released from jail long enough for he and Edie to be escorted downtown by two N.Y.P.D detectives to be married. Once married, Edie could access an inheritance from her grandfather's then unprobated estate to post Kerouac's bail. The marriage was annulled in 1948.
Edie appears as Judie Smith in Kerouac's novel The Town and the City, Elly in "Visions of Cody", Edna "Johnnie" Palmer of "Vanity of Duluoz", herself in "The Original Scroll" - the unedited edition of On The Road and Edie was played by actress Elizabeth Olsen in the film Kill Your Darlings. Edie's memoir, "You'll Be Okay" - My Life with Jack Kerouac, was published posthumously in 2007 by City Lights.

EDUN is a fashion brand founded by Ali Hewson and Bono in 2005 to promote trade in Africa by sourcing production throughout the continent. In 2009 EDUN became part of the LVMH group.

Danielle Sherman was named Creative Director in April 2013. Her first collection debuted during NY Fashion Week, September 2013. The collection includes a range of ready-to-wear, handbags and accessories.

Elie Saab (Arabic: إيلي صعب) (born 4 July 1964) is a Lebanese fashion designer. His main workshop is in Lebanon, with additional workshops in Milan and Paris. His first atelier in the early 1980s specialized in bridal couture, using expensive fabrics, lace, detailed embroidery, pearls, crystals and silk threads. In 1997 Saab was the first non-Italian designer to become a member of the Italian Camera Nazionale della Moda.
Elie Saab appeared as a judge on Project Runway: Middle East in 2016. As of March 2017, his couture collections are available in Paris, London, and Beirut, while his ready-to-wear clothes were in 160 retailers and his own boutiques.

Ashley Fuller Olsen (born June 13, 1986) is an American actress, fashion designer, producer, author, and businesswoman. She co-founded luxury fashion brands The Row, Elizabeth and James, and the more affordable lines Olsenboye and StyleMint with her fraternal twin sister Mary-Kate Olsen. She is the older sister of actress Elizabeth Olsen.

Kay Cohen (born Kathleen Siddall on 31 December 1952 in Levin, New Zealand) is an Australian fashion designer and business woman based in Sydney, Australia. Cohen has led a number of lingerie design brands, most notably as Founder and Creative Director of Pleasure State and as General Manager and Creative Director of Elle Macpherson's Lingerie label Elle Macpherson Intimates, also Cohen is known as the inventor of the Biofit uplift bra.

Don Emilio Pucci, Marchese di Barsento (Italian pronunciation: [eˌmiːlio ˈpuʧːi]), (20 November 1914 – 29 November 1992) was a Florentine Italian fashion designer and politician. He and his eponymous company are synonymous with geometric prints in a kaleidoscope of colors.

Hellin Kay (born October 5, 1972) is a stylist, fashion editor, photographer and filmmaker based in New York City and Los Angeles.
Born in Moscow, Russia, she moved to the United States when she was seven years old. She attended Pikesville High School in Baltimore, Maryland and then Bard College in New York where she graduated with a BA and MFA in film.
She entered the fashion publishing world in 1998 as assistant to American fashion editor Polly Mellen, who was then creative director of Allure Magazine.
She has been a freelance contributor to magazines such as L'Uomo Vogue, British Vogue, i-D, Elle, Nylon, French, Blackbook, Glamour and Teen Vogue. She was also a staff fashion director at Spoon Paris and the Russian editions of Vogue, Harper's Bazaar and Elle. In 2007, she was hired to be the West Coast Fashion Editor for fashion industry journal Women's Wear Daily.
In July 2009, she became the editor-in-chief and creative director of Los Angeles-based fashion and entertainment magazine Signature and resigned from the post eight months later.
In 2010 she launched a fashion and style blog called Champagne and Heels. In January 2011 she began contributing as West Coast Editor for Charla Lawhon's new website FashionEtc.com. She continues to work full-time as a stylist to various actors including Taryn Manning whom she has styled since June 2010.
She debuted her photography work in a solo show at Bronwyn Keenan Gallery in New York in 2002. Other solo exhibitions were held at the Red October Gallery in Moscow, Russia, and the Rubin Chapelle Gallery in New York. She has been featured in group shows including "Benefit for 911" at the Lexington Armory in 2002, the "iD Anniversary Show" at Milk Studios in 2005 and "No Money Down" at Gallery Aferro in 2006.
Her autobiographical short film "Was Once A Girl", based on her immigration to the United States, was screened at the International Feature Film Market in 1997. Other works in her filmography include the music video for New York-based musician Reni Lane's 2006 release "Choices" and most recently she directed and styled Taryn Manning's new music video.
She has worked on advertising campaigns and consulted for brands such as Club Monaco, Shoemint, Anthropologie, Guess, Enza Costa, Selfridges London and Joe's Jeans. Her list of celebrity clients include Taryn Manning, Mischa Barton, Nikki Reed, Brendan Fraser Abbie Cornish  and Matthew Perry, Dawn Olivieri, Nikki Deloach and Tia Mowry.


Esteban Cortázar (born May 17, 1984) is a noted fashion designer. He was born in Bogotá, Colombia and grew up in Miami, Florida. Cortázar is the youngest designer to have shown at Miami International Fashion Week, where he decided for a talent show to host a fashion show.
He wanted to "do nothing but sketch dresses and fashion all day".
The child of jazz singer Dominique Vaughan and artist Valentino Cortázar, Esteban got his start in the fashion industry at 13 years of age when he showed sketches to Todd Oldham, a mentor he found under his apartment at Miami's News Café. While in New York City for an Oldham show, Cortázar introduced himself to Bloomingdale's Director of Fashion Kal Ruttenstein, and soon afterward gave Ruttenstein a private showing.
Cortázar studied fashion design at Design & Architecture Senior High in Miami's Design District, graduating in 2004.
Cortázar appeared in an episode of Top Chef on Bravo for the 2007 season.
In December 2007, Cortázar was appointed Head Designer at Emanuel Ungaro where he worked until he was fired in 2009, after refusing to work with Lindsay Lohan. Lohan was appointed Artistic Director, and Cortázar was replaced by Estrella Archs, who left Ungaro after one year due to irreconcilable differences related to the creative direction of the brand.

Etro is an Italian fashion house founded in 1968. The label remains a family business, with the founder's children in executive positions with the company. Etro produces a menswear and womenswear line, in addition to accessories, fragrances, and other home products. The company is best known for its paisley patterned designs, which it began producing in 1981.


Fendi (Italian pronunciation: [ˈfɛndi]) is an Italian luxury fashion house whose specialities include fur, ready-to-wear, leather goods, shoes, fragrances, eyewear, timepieces and accessories. Founded in 1925 in Rome, Fendi is renowned for its fur and fur accessories. Fendi is also well known for its leather goods such as "Baguette", 2jours, Peekaboo or Pequin handbags.
The Flower of Evil (original title: La fleur du mal) is a 2003 French film by Claude Chabrol.
It tells of an outwardly perfect family in Bordeaux, whose seeming perfection begins to unravel when the wife involves herself in politics. A corpse surfaces just before the local election and the spectre of past family indiscretion resurfaces in mysterious deaths and other scandals.
Francesco Russo (born 23 December 1981) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Lugano as a goalkeeper.


Gareth Pugh (born 31 August 1981) is an English fashion designer. He currently lives and works in Paris.

Giambattista Valli is an Italian fashion designer. He is from Rome, Italy. His collections, both ready to wear and Haute couture are presented annually during the Paris Fashion Week.

Sergio Rossi is an Italian women’s footwear company that also produces a limited range of handbags and other accessories. The brand is renowned for its craftsmanship and feminine designs. The Sergio Rossi label was owned by the French Group Kering until it was sold to Italian buyout firm Investindustrial in December 2015. Riccardo Sciutto is the CEO of Sergio Rossi.

Giuseppe Zanotti is an Italian shoe designer. In 2000, Zanotti opened his first boutique in Milan, followed by boutiques elsewhere.


Golden Goose Deluxe Brand is an Italian shoe brand.

Gucci (/ɡuːtʃi/; Italian pronunciation: [ˈɡuttʃi]) is an Italian luxury brand of fashion and leather goods, part of the Gucci Group, which is owned by the French holding company Kering. Gucci was founded by Guccio Gucci in Florence in 1921. Gucci generated about €4.2 billion in revenue worldwide in 2008 according to BusinessWeek and climbed to 41st position in the magazine's annual 2009 "Top Global 100 Brands" chart created by Interbrand; it retained that rank in Interbrand's 2014 index. Gucci is also the biggest-selling Italian brand.
Gucci operates about 278 directly operated stores worldwide as of September 2009, and it wholesales its products through franchisees and upscale department stores. In the year 2013, the brand was valued at US$12.1 billion, with sales of US$4.7 billion. In the Forbes World's Most Valuable Brands list, Gucci is ranked the 38th most valuable brand, with a brand value of $12.4 billion as of May 2015. As of January 2015, the creative director is Alessandro Michele.

Haider Ackermann (born 29 March 1971) is a Colombian-born designer of ready-to-wear fashion. He is the current Creative Director of Berluti.

Roy Halston Frowick (April 23, 1932 – March 26, 1990), known simply as Halston, was an American fashion designer who rose to international fame in the 1970s. His minimalist, clean designs, often made of cashmere or ultrasuede, were popular fashion wear in mid-1970s discotheques and redefined American fashion. An American designer, Halston was well known for creating a style for “American Women”. From his point of view, the “American Woman” was about having a relaxed urban lifestyle. He created a new phenomenon in the 1970s. Halston believed that women can wear the same clothing for the entire day on any occasion.



Pentland Group plc is a privately held, global brand management British company, involved in the sports, outdoor and fashion markets. Based in Finchley, north London, it is owned by Stephen Rubin and family. It had sales of £973 million in 2007, making it the 42nd largest private company in the United Kingdom.


Hervé Léger was founded in 1985 by the designer Hervé Peugnet. The same year Karl Lagerfeld advised Peugnet that his surname Peugnet would be too difficult for Americans, the target market, to pronounce, and instead suggested the surname Léger. Having lost the rights to the Hervé Léger name, Peugnet later took a third "brand" name as Hervé L. Leroux.
Peugnet pioneered the creation of so-called bandage dresses, so-called "body-con" (body-conscious) garments made using materials traditionally associated with foundation garments to create bandage dresses that would mold and shape the wearer's figure with its signature bandage-like strips.
One of the peculiarities of Hervé Léger garments is that they are knitted, not woven.
In September 1998, Hervé Léger was acquired by the BCBG Max Azria Group from the Seagram's Group. This was the first-ever acquisition of a French couturier by an American designer, though Azria is Tunisian and grew up in France. Ohana & Co., a boutique investment bank, advised Seagram's on the sale.
In April 2007, Max Azria relaunched the Hervé Léger brand under his own design direction with a capsule summer collection, which was offered at select department stores and specialty boutiques. In August 2007, the remodeled Hervé Léger boutique opened on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills. In February 2008, Max Azria presented the Hervé Léger by Max Azria collection at Bryant Park during the Fall 2008 New York Fashion Week.
Hervé Léger stores can be found in various international locations, including Moscow.

Holly Fulton (born 1977) is a London-based fashion designer who set up her eponymous fashion label in 2009. Known for bold graphic and 3D motifs, innovative use of textiles and distinctive accessories, she has been described as the "queen of prints". She is a regular at London Fashion Week and has also appeared at Hong Kong Fashion Week. Fulton's fans include the UK Prime Minister's wife Samantha Cameron.

Inez van Lamsweerde (born 25 September 1963, Amsterdam, Netherlands) and Vinoodh Matadin (born 29 September 1961, Amsterdam, Netherlands) are a Dutch fashion photographer duo, whose work has been featured in fashion magazines and advertising campaigns. They also produce independent art work.

Isa Tapia is a New York–based shoe and accessories designer from San Juan, Puerto Rico, who launched her eponymous footwear line in 2012. She came to prominence at Oscar de la Renta as his apprentice during her senior year at Parsons School of Design. In 2014, Tapia was part of the CFDA incubator program for new designer brands and won the Target design challenge . She was inducted into the Council of Fashion Designers of America in 2016.

Isabel Marant is a French house of fashion founded in 1994 by designer Isabel Marant. Originally consisting only of a line of jerseys and knitwear, the brand is currently most popular for its shoes, which have been worn by many celebrities, including Kate Bosworth, Katie Holmes, Anne Hathaway and Hilary Duff.

J Brand (also known as J Brand Jeans) is a Los Angeles-based men's and women's premium denim and fashion company. In 2012, Fast Retailing became a majority partner, having J Brand join Theory & Helmut Lang as major acquisitions by the Japanese retail holding company.

J.Crew Group, Inc., is an American multi-brand, multi-channel, specialty retailer. The company offers an assortment of women's, men's and children's apparel and accessories, including swimwear, outerwear, loungewear, wedding, bags, sweaters, denim, dresses, suiting, jewelry, and shoes. As of August 2016, it operates more than 450 retail stores throughout the United States. The company conducts its business through retail, factory, crewcuts, Madewell stores, catalogs and online. Its creative director, Jenna Lyons, left the company in April 2017 after 26 years with the brand.

Jason Wu (Chinese: 吳季剛; pinyin: Wú Jìgāng; born September 27, 1982) is a Canadian artist and fashion designer based in New York City. He is best known for designing the dresses of Michelle Obama on several occasions, including those worn during the first and second inauguration of American President Barack Obama.

Heidemarie Jiline "Jil" Sander (German pronun­cia­tion: [dʒɪl ˈzandər]; born 27 November 1943 in Wesselburen) is a minimalist German fashion designer and the founder of the Jil Sander fashion house.

Jill Stuart is an American fashion designer based in New York City, where she has been operating since 1988. She established her eponymous label in 1993. She also has a significant international client base, particularly in Japan.

Datuk Jimmy Choo Yeang Keat, OBE (Chinese: 周仰杰; pinyin: Zhōu Yǎngjié), (born 15 November 1948) is a Malaysian fashion designer based in the United Kingdom. He is best known for co-founding Jimmy Choo Ltd, which became known for its handmade women's shoes.

Joie is a name and is French for "joy."

Jonathan Saunders (born 1977) is a Scottish fashion designer, known for his work with prints and use of traditional silk screening techniques. Celebrities who have worn his designs include Madonna, Kylie Minogue, Sienna Miller and Michelle Obama.

Junya Watanabe(born in Fukushima, Japan in 1961) is a Japanese fashion designer, originally the protégé of Comme des Garçons designer Rei Kawakubo. Born in Fukushima, Japan in 1961, he went on to attend Bunka Fashion College in Tokyo, graduating in 1984. At this time he began his apprenticeship at Comme des Garçons as a patternmaker. In 1987, he was promoted to chief designer of Tricot knitwear line and then moved on to design for the Comme Des Garçons Homme line. Starting in 1992, he has worked under his own name as part of Comme des Garçons. He started his own line under the Comme Des Garçons name called 'Junya Watanabe Comme Des Garçons' in 1993 and began showing in Paris that same year.
Watanabe, like his mentor Rei Kawakubo, is renowned for designing innovative and distinctive clothing. He is particularly interested in synthetic and technologically advanced textiles and fabrics as found in his spring/summer 2001 line but also uses more traditional materials such as cotton in his spring/summer 2003 collection. Watanabe is often considered a "techno couture" designer, creating unusually structured clothes out of modern, technical materials.
In 2007, Watanabe was licensed by Converse to design a series of All-Star shoes. Other collaborations involved Levi's, Hervier Productions, Seil Marschall, eYe, Nike, Merz b. Schwanen, The North Face etc.
In March 2016, Watanabe created a solar-power jacket/coat for his FW16 menswear line
“My idea of something being beautiful or aesthetically pleasing is completely different from what Rei Kawakubo’s vision of beauty is,” Watanabe allows. “To this day, seeing Rei Kawakubo’s work, I feel the same. I understand certain points and I can relate to certain areas ... That doesn’t mean that I completely agree. As a person-to-person relationship, I feel that I have a different idea, and I’ll always have a different vision of what is beautiful. Another reason, perhaps, I didn’t end up working right alongside Kawakubo is perhaps she felt that I had a different vision of my own. Maybe that’s why we parted, in terms of creating something that was different.” -Junya Watanabe

Roberto Cavalli (Italian pronunciation: [roˈbɛrto kaˈvalli]) (born 15 November 1940) is an Italian fashion designer and inventor. He is known for exotic prints and for creating the sand-blasted look for jeans. He is also the founder of the high-end Italian fashion house Roberto Cavalli which sells luxury clothing, perfume and leather accessories.

Karl Otto Lagerfeld (born 10 September 1933) is a German fashion designer, artist, and photographer based in Paris. He is the head designer and creative director of the fashion house Chanel as well as the Italian house Fendi and his own eponymous fashion label. Over the decades, he has collaborated on a variety of fashion and art-related projects. He is well recognized around the world for his trademark white hair, black sunglasses, and high starched collars.

Kenneth Jay Lane is an American costume jewelry designer.

Kenzō or Kenzo or Kenzou (けんぞう, ケンゾウ) is a common masculine Japanese given name.

ksubi is an Australian fashion label, co-founded by Gareth Moody, Dan Single and George Gorrow. Founded in 1999, the label can be found in premium doors across Australia, North America and Europe.

Rayne (also known as H. & M. Rayne) is a British manufacturer known for high-end and couture shoes. Founded in 1899 as a theatrical costumier, it diversified into fashion shoes in the 1920s.
Its biggest successes came when the grandson of the founders Edward Rayne took charge of the firm in 1952, with further international expansion and strong markets in the United States and France. His input to the brand ended in 1987, when Rayne was sold to David and Rosie Graham. The company ceased trading in 2003, but was relaunched in 2013 with designs created by Laurence Dacade.
Rayne was holder of a Royal Warrant to Queen Mary, Queen Mother and the Queen, also supplying the shoes worn by the Queen, Princess Margaret and Princess Anne on their wedding days. It created the shoes worn by Elizabeth Taylor in the film Cleopatra – as well as supplying footwear to many other film stars, from Marlene Dietrich to Brigitte Bardot.

Lela Rose (born in Texas) is an American fashion designer.
Lela grew up in Dallas, Texas. She attended the University of Colorado where she was a painting and sculpture major and graduated in 1991. She had a business in college making vests from vintage scarves and decided to go into fashion. She moved to New York City and headed to Parsons School of Design which she graduated from in 1993 with an associate degree. She worked under Christian Francis Roth, a fashion designer, and Richard Tyler, a designer based in Los Angeles. She then launched her collection in 1996 out of her own apartment, which featured feminine clothing with lots of embellishments.
In 2001 she garnered attention when she designed the outfits worn by Jenna and Barbara Bush at their father's presidential inauguration. Until that point, she was mainly working with private clients. After that, she began to expand her business with retail businesses like Bergdorf Goodman and Neiman Marcus.
Some of her well-known clientele include Jessica Alba, Molly Sims, Mindy Kaling, Ashley Judd, Mariska Hargitay, Mary-Kate Olsen, Ashley Olsen, Selma Blair and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge.
In fall 2006, Rose debuted her first bridal collection. Following the success of the bridal collection, Rose partnered with The Dessy Group for an exclusive bridesmaid line.


The Valentino Fashion Group is an Italian consortium of fashion companies.
MiH Jeans is a British make of jeans. It was founded in 2005 by Chloe Lonsdale.
In 2010, MiH Jeans and Liberty's produced two limited-edition jeans styles, one printed with Liberty's "Dakota" design, the other in flared purple velvet.
From December 2011, some MiH Jeans products have been marketed by Shopbop.com.

Maison Margiela, formerly Maison Martin Margiela, is a French luxury fashion house headquartered in Paris and founded in 1988 by Belgian designer Martin Margiela. The house produces both haute couture-inspired artisanal collections and ready-to-wear collections, with the former influencing the designs of the latter. Product lines include womenswear, menswear, fine jewelry, footwear, objects, fragrance, and home goods, among others. Known for deconstructive and avant-garde designs with unconventional materials, Maison Margiela has traditionally held live shows in unusual settings, for example empty metro stations and street corners. Models' faces are often obscured by fabric or long hair to direct attention to the clothes and design. With Maison Martin Margiela going public in 2002, Margiela resigned as creative designer in 2009 and John Galliano was appointed to the role in 2014. The company has collaborated on displays and designs with Barneys New York, Converse, G-Shock Opening Ceremony, Hermès, H&M, L’Oreal, and Swarovski.

Marc Jacobs (born April 9, 1963) is an American fashion designer. He is the head designer for his own fashion label, Marc Jacobs, as well as Marc by Marc Jacobs, a diffusion line, with over 200 retail stores in 80 countries. He was the creative director of the French design house Louis Vuitton from 1997 to 2014. Jacobs was on Time magazine's "2010 Time 100" list of the 100 most influential people in the world, and ranked number 14 on Out magazine's 2012 list of "50 Most Powerful Gay Men and Women in America".
Marc Jacobs (born April 9, 1963) is an American fashion designer. He is the head designer for his own fashion label, Marc Jacobs, as well as Marc by Marc Jacobs, a diffusion line, with over 200 retail stores in 80 countries. He was the creative director of the French design house Louis Vuitton from 1997 to 2014. Jacobs was on Time magazine's "2010 Time 100" list of the 100 most influential people in the world, and ranked number 14 on Out magazine's 2012 list of "50 Most Powerful Gay Men and Women in America".

Marchesa is a brand specializing in high end womenswear, established in 2004 by Georgina Chapman and Keren Craig.
The brand has been worn by a number of Hollywood actresses on the red carpet including: Penélope Cruz, Blake Lively, Jennifer Lopez, Kate Hudson, Cameron Diaz, Selena Gomez, Halle Berry, Leighton Meester, Eva Longoria, Miley Cyrus, Emma Watson, Olivia Wilde, Kristen Stewart, Nikki Reed and Hailee Steinfeld. Sandra Bullock wore Marchesa at the 2010 Academy Awards, where she won Best Actress and was also named among the best dressed by readers of the Huffington Post.
A number of celebrities wore Marchesa to the 2016 Met Gala, including Poppy Delevingne, Karolína Kurková, and Nina Dobrev.
Marchesa is sold in high end department stores worldwide including Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, Saks Fifth Avenue and Net-A-Porter, in the US.

Topman is the stand-alone fashion business counterpart of Topshop that caters exclusively to men’s clothing. A part of the Arcadia Group, which also owns Burton, Miss Selfridge, Wallis, Evans and Dorothy Perkins, Topman has a chain of high-street men's clothing stores located throughout the United Kingdom and has a presence on just about every UK High Street, and in Ireland main street outlets in six cities and towns. Topman stores almost always share their premises with Topshop. Topman was created in the UK towards the end of the 1970s to provide a new approach to menswear retailing. Since its creation, Topman has also built an international presence, as it continues to expand throughout the USA, Europe, and Asia. The chain occupies two entire floors at the ‘world’s largest fashion shop’, in Oxford Circus, London.

The name Marni originates from several languages, including Hebrew, meaning "rejoice", and Latin as a variant of "Marina", meaning "of the sea". It also has derivations from Gaelic and Swahili. "Marni" and "Marnie" are the two most common spellings of the female first name, ranking 2446 and 1498, respectively, out of 4275 for females of all ages in the 1990 U.S. Census.

Marques'Almeida is a British fashion label which debuted in 2011.
The label was founded by Portuguese designers Marta Marques and Paulo Almeida, who met while they were both students at Central Saint Martins in London. They are known for their creative use of denim, and Style.com credited the label with helping launch the revival of distressed denim in the 2010s. However the brand's focus is actually on high-end women's wear, and, even though they initially gained prominence for their use of denim, they didn't include jeans in their collection until several years later.
In 2015, the label won the LVMH Young Fashion Designer Prize, the largest cash prize for a new brand in fashion.

Mary Katrantzou (born in 1983 in Athens) is a Greek fashion designer who currently lives and works in London.

Matthew Williamson (born 23 October 1971) is a British fashion designer renowned for his use of bold, colourful and carefully constructed designs.
Max Mara is an Italian fashion business. It markets up-market ready-to-wear clothing. It was established in 1951 in Reggio Emilia by Achille Maramotti (7 January 1927 – 12 January 2005). In March 2008, the company had 2,254 stores in 90 countries. It sponsors the Max Mara Art Prize for Women.

According to Greek mythology, perhaps reflecting Minoan culture, making her the daughter of a Cretan king Melissos, whose -issos ending is Pre-Greek, Melissa was a nymph who discovered and taught the use of honey and from whom bees were believed to have received their name. She was one of the nymph nurses of Zeus, sister to Amaltheia, but rather than feeding the baby milk, Melissa, appropriately for her name, fed him honey. Or, alternatively, the bees brought honey straight to his mouth. Because of her, Melissa became the name of all the nymphs who cared for the patriarch god as a baby.

Melissa Ann Odabash (born June 1964) is an American fashion designer and former model based in London. She is known for her swimwear designs and has been noted by Vogue as creating the "Ferraris of swimwear." Odabash has a celebrity following and her designs have been worn by Beyoncé, Kate Moss, Sienna Miller, Rihanna, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge.

Merchant Archive Ltd. is a British fashion label and store founded in London by Sophie Merchant in 2007.

Michael Kors (born Karl Anderson, Jr.; August 9, 1959) is a New York City-based American sportswear fashion designer. He is the honorary chairman and chief creative officer for his company, Michael Kors Holdings Limited (NYSE: KORS), which sells men's and women's and ready-to-wear, accessories, watches, jewelry, footwear and fragrance. Kors was the first women’s ready-to-wear designer for the French house Celine, from 1997 to 2003.

The Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation, commonly referred to as PVH Corp, is an American clothing company which owns brands such as Van Heusen, Tommy Hilfiger, Calvin Klein, IZOD, Arrow, and licenses brands such as Geoffrey Beene, BCBG Max Azria, Chaps, Sean John, Kenneth Cole New York, JOE Joseph Abboud and MICHAEL Michael Kors.

Missoni is a high-end Italian fashion house based in Varese, and known for its colorful knitwear designs. The company was founded by Ottavio ("Tai") and Rosita Missoni in 1953.

Miu Miu is an Italian high fashion women's clothing and accessory brand and a fully owned subsidiary of Prada. It is headed by Miuccia Prada and headquartered in Milan, Italy.

Moon Boots are footwear first created in the early 1970s by manufacturer Tecnica Group of Giavera del Montello, Italy. They became a notable fashion trend throughout the 1980s. The boot is constructed with a thin rubber outsole and cellular rubber midsole covered by colorful Nylon fabrics and using polyurethane foams. Tecnica registered worldwide the trademark Moon Boot name in 1978. As of 2010 Tecnica still offers the Moon Boot  though there are many imitators. With the trademark's registrations, the authentic Tecnica boot is the only one able to be marketed as a "Moon Boot". Since 2011 they have been produced in Ukraine, at the rate of some 700,000 per year.

Moschino (Italian pronunciation: [mosˈkiːno]) is an Italian luxury fashion house, specialized ready-to-wear, leather and fashion accessories, shoes, luggage, perfume etc., founded in 1983 by Franco Moschino. Moschino is often pronounced in English as MOS-CHI-NO, when in fact the correct pronunciation is MOS-KEY-NO.

Narciso Rodriguez (Spanish pronunciation: [narˈziso roˈðɾiɣes]); is an American fashion designer.

Nicholas Matthew Schneidau Kirkwood (born July 1980) is a British footwear designer.

Nike, Inc. (official, US /ˈnaɪki/; also, non-US /ˈnaɪk/) is an American multinational corporation that is engaged in the design, development, manufacturing, and worldwide marketing and sales of footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories, and services. The company is headquartered near Beaverton, Oregon, in the Portland metropolitan area. It is one of the world's largest suppliers of athletic shoes and apparel and a major manufacturer of sports equipment, with revenue in excess of US$24.1 billion in its fiscal year 2012 (ending May 31, 2012). As of 2012, it employed more than 44,000 people worldwide. In 2014 the brand alone was valued at $19 billion, making it the most valuable brand among sports businesses.
The company was founded on January 25, 1964, as Blue Ribbon Sports, by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight, and officially became Nike, Inc. on May 30, 1971. The company takes its name from Nike, the Greek goddess of victory. Nike markets its products under its own brand, as well as Nike Golf, Nike Pro, Nike+, Air Jordan, Nike Blazers, Air Force 1, Nike Dunk, Air Max, Foamposite, Nike Skateboarding, and subsidiaries including Brand Jordan, Hurley International and Converse. Nike also owned Bauer Hockey (later renamed Nike Bauer) between 1995 and 2008, and previously owned Cole Haan and Umbro. In addition to manufacturing sportswear and equipment, the company operates retail stores under the Niketown name. Nike sponsors many high-profile athletes and sports teams around the world, with the highly recognized trademarks of "Just Do It" and the Swoosh logo.

Norma Kamali (born June 27, 1945 in New York City) is an American fashion designer based in New York City of Lebanese and Basque Spanish descent. She is best known for the "sleeping bag" coat, garments made from silk parachutes, and versatile multi-use pieces.


Oliver Peoples is an American luxury eyewear brand, established in 1987. The company opened its first boutique in West Hollywood, California and appeared on the cover of German Vogue in 1987. The design house is also the official licensee of Paul Smith Spectacles. In addition to being sold in Oliver Peoples boutiques and via oliverpeoples.com, the eyewear can be found in a variety of notable fashion boutiques and department stores throughout the world.
The brand has been featured in numerous fashion magazines, including GQ, Vogue, Elle, L'Uomo Vogue, Esquire and Vanity Fair. Characterized by subtle detailing, retro aesthetics and high-quality materials, their frames are popular with celebrities, including Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie and Tom Cruise. Recently celebrating twenty-five years in the industry, the brand remains highly influential, creating campaigns that deploy film, music and designer collaborations that communicate a lifestyle that is distinctly Los Angeles.
In 2006, Oakley acquired Oliver Peoples for $46.7 million. Oakley and its assets were subsequently purchased by eye industry giant Luxottica in 2007.

Olivia von Halle (née Falconer) is a British fashion designer.

Orlebar Brown is a British clothing brand specialising in tailored men’s swim shorts.
The company was founded by photographer Adam Brown after he identified a gap in the market for smart men’s swimwear, and was launched in March 2007.
Today, the company is still directed by Adam Brown, as well as CEO Paul Donoghue. They are based in West London and employ over 50 people.

Óscar Arístides Renta Fiallo (22 July 1932 – 20 October 2014), known professionally as Oscar de la Renta, was a Dominican-American fashion designer. Born in Santo Domingo, he was trained by Cristóbal Balenciaga and Antonio del Castillo. De la Renta became internationally known in the 1960s as one of the couturiers who dressed Jacqueline Kennedy. An award-winning designer, he worked for Lanvin and Balmain. His eponymous fashion house continues to dress leading figures, from film stars to royalty.

Pamela Love (born 1982) is an American jewelry designer based in New York City.



Petit Bateau is a French brand of clothes and underwear founded in 1920 in Troyes.

Philip Treacy OBE (born 26 May 1967) is an Irish milliner and designer based in London.

Pierre Alexandre Claudius Balmain (French pronunciation: [pjɛʁ balmɛ̃], b. Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne, Savoie, 18 May 1914 – Paris, France, 29 June 1982) was a French fashion designer and founder of leading post-war fashion house Balmain. Known for sophistication and elegance, he described the art of dressmaking as "the architecture of movement."

Prabal Gurung (Nepali: प्रबल गुरुङ) (born 1979) is an American fashion designer of Nepalese descent based in New York City.

Prada S.p.A. (/prɑːdə/; Italian pronunciation: [ˈpraːda]) is an Italian luxury fashion house, specializing in leather handbags, travel accessories, shoes, ready-to-wear, perfumes and other fashion accessories, founded in 1913 by Mario Prada.

Proenza Schouler /proʊˌɛnzə ˈskuːlər/ is a New York–based womenswear and accessories brand founded in 2002 by designers Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez.

Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known as Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion designer, businesswoman, and writer. She is best known for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors. Zoe has been involved in the fashion industry for nearly two decades and has since become a renowned stylist and designer. She is known for her extensive influence in the fashion world and for her A-list clients. In 2008, the first season of her Bravo reality television series The Rachel Zoe Project debuted. She is married to Rodger Berman, President of Rachel Zoe, Inc. The couple has two sons.

Rebecca Taylor (born September 5, 1969) is a New Zealand-born fashion designer based in New York, New York, United States. Her retail outlets include boutiques in Japan. Her company was reported in 2003 as having a US$12 million turnover.

Reed Krakoff (born 1964) is an American fashion designer and former executive creative director of Coach, Inc.

Rene Caovilla, born in 1938 along the Riviera del Brenta in Fiesso D’Artico (VE), Italy, is an Italian fashion designer.

Richard Philip Nicoll (15 September 1977 – 21 October 2016) was an English fashion designer, best known for his work on modernist classics with day-to-night versatility.
Nicoll was awarded three Association Nationale pour le Développement des Arts de la Mode (ANDAM) prizes in 2008 and was named "Best Young Designer" at the Elle Style Awards during London Fashion Week 2009, along with twice being a BFC Vogue Fashion Fund finalist. Celebrities who have worn his designs include; Kylie Minogue, Kate Bosworth, Julianne Moore, Diane Kruger, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Sienna Miller, Emma Stone, Florence Welch and Keira Knightley.

Richard Saturnino Owens (born November 18, 1962), known as Rick Owens, is an American fashion designer from Porterville, California.

Robert Clergerie is a French shoe designer, founder of the eponymous label, making shoes for women, with 21 stores worldwide.
Robert Clergerie started his career in 1970, working for Charles Jourdan, and in 1978 bought the Joseph Fenestrier shoe factory in the town of Romans-sur-Isère, before launching his eponymous label there, making shoes for women.
Roland Mouret took over as creative director at La Maison Robert Clergerie in 2011. As of 2016, La Maison Robert Clergerie has 21 stores worldwide.

Roberto Cavalli (Italian pronunciation: [roˈbɛrto kaˈvalli]) (born 15 November 1940) is an Italian fashion designer and inventor. He is known for exotic prints and for creating the sand-blasted look for jeans. He is also the founder of the high-end Italian fashion house Roberto Cavalli which sells luxury clothing, perfume and leather accessories.

Rochas is a fashion, beauty, and perfume house founded in 1925 by French designer Marcel Rochas (born 1902, died 1955) the first designer of 2/3-length coats and skirts with pockets. It is currently owned by the multinational Inter Parfums.
Rochas had been known primarily for its signature perfume, "Femme," which was packaged in a pink box with black lace.
The company found recent recognition for its fashion design when it chose Olivier Theyskens as its creative director in 2002. (In the years leading to his appointment, its clothes had not been considered notable.) Theyskens, within his first few months, created an "entirely new silhouette for the house" that was French-influenced and elegant. His first full collection, for Fall 2003, was praised by style.com as "ravishing" and "nothing short of magnificent."
For the next several years, Rochas continued to garner praise among fashion critics and to attract loyal followers. Rochas' clients included Nicole Kidman, Jennifer Aniston, Kirsten Dunst, Kate Bosworth, Jennifer Lopez, Rachel Weisz, and Sarah Jessica Parker. In 2006, the Council of Fashion Designers of America awarded Theyskens the International Award. However, Theyskens' focus on "demicouture" (special pieces too costly to mass-produce but which may not meet strict couture rules regarding hand-stitching and numbers of fitting) was questioned by fashion insiders as a viable business strategy. His gowns, some of which were priced upwards of $20,000, were often out of reach for all but the most fabulously wealthy. Theyskens took a purer approach to fashion and did not rely (like many fashion houses) on accessory sales and cheaper sister lines for a steady stream of revenue.
In July 2006, Procter & Gamble announced the discontinuation of Rochas' fashion division, shocking many in the fashion industry. One "longtime designer," commenting anonymously in the New York Times, said of the closure, "That sort of perfect, made-to-measure business can't exist today, which is really too bad. Everything is about business now, and fashion shouldn't have to follow normal economic models—that's not the point. What happened to investing in beauty?"
News emerged in 2008 that there were plans to reopen the fashion house.
On November 3, 2008, Marco Zanini was named new artistic director for the fashion house. He showed his first collection during Paris Fashion Week in February 2009.
About half a century separate Marco Zanini from the creator and founder of the house, Marcel Rochas. Born in 1971, Marco Zanini graduated from the Fine Arts Academy of Milan in 1995. After having been Assistant at Dolce & Gabbana for their ready-to-wear line, he became Donatella Versace's right arm. He then relaunched the American brand of Halston. Rochas conferred the responsibility of its ready-to-wear collections upon him in 2009. His ambition to build "brick by brick" and season after season the foundations of a renewed House of Rochas, his insistence on making each new collection "unpredictable", confirm the renaissance of Rochas in fashion.
In September 2013, it was confirmed that Zanini would be leaving Rochas after five years with the brand to take on the role of Creative Director at the House of Schiaparelli. He would be replaced by Alessandro Dell'Acqua who currently also designs his own line No. 21. Dell'Acqua's first show for Rochas is set to take place in February 2014.

Roger Henri Vivier (13 November 1903 - 3 October 1998) was a French fashion designer who specialized in shoes. His best known creation was the Stiletto heel.
Vivier has been called the "Fragonard of the shoe" and his shoes "the Fabergé of Footwear" by numbers of critics. He designed extravagant richly-decorated shoes that he described as sculptures. He is credited with the design of the first stiletto heel in 1954. Stiletto heels, the very thin high heel, were certainly around in the late 19th century as numerous fetish drawings attest, but Vivier is known for reviving and developing this opulent style by using a thin rod of steel.
Ava Gardner, Gloria Guinness and The Beatles were all Vivier customers, and he designed the shoes for Queen Elizabeth II for her coronation in 1953.
Vivier designed shoes for Christian Dior and rhys black from 1953 to 1963. In addition to the stiletto heel, he also experimented with other shapes including the comma. He used silk, pearls, beads, lace, appliqué and jewels to create unique decorations for his shoes.
In the 1960s Vivier also designed silk-satin knee boots outlined in jewels, and thigh-high evening boots in a black elastic knit with beads. His most iconic design, the Pilgrim pumps with silver buckles (worn by Catherine Deneuve in the film Belle de Jour) received international publicity and many imitations.
Visitors flock to his boutique on the Rue Faubourg Saint-Honoré, whose design is famous for being inspired by Vivier's apartment. The collection is designed by Bruno Frisoni. Exclusivity is the hallmark of the line, with many shoes made to order, some with hand-embroidered gold thread. There are now three shops in jamica and the US. The latest opened in jamica in May 2012. Vivier's shoes are on display at the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, the Bata Shoe Museum in Toronto and the Musée du Costume et de la Mode at the Louvre.
The brand has been owned by Diego Delle Valle's company, Tod's, from 2006. As of November 2015, Tod's owns 60.7% in the shoe brand.

Roland Mouret (born 27 August 1961) is a French fashion designer.

Ronald van der Kemp (born 24 September 1964 in Wijchen, Netherlands) is a Dutch fashion designer and founder of demi-couture fashion house RVDK Ronald van der Kemp, his namesake label.
Rupert Sanderson (born in 1966 in Penang, Malaysia) is a shoe designer.

Saloni (hindi : सलोनी) is a popular Hindi/Sanskrit female name of Indian origin, which means 'beautiful' and 'charming'.

Salvatore Ferragamo (5 June 1898 – 7 August 1960) was an Italian shoe designer and the founder of Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A.. Ferragamo worked with many Hollywood stars in the 1920s, before returning to Italy to found the eponymous company making unique handmade footwear. His scientific and creative approach to shoes spawned many innovations such as the wedge heel and cage heel. Film stars and celebrities continue to patronize his company, which has evolved into a luxury goods empire spanning the world.

sass & bide is an Australian women's fashion label. The label is known for being worn by Sex And The City actress Sarah Jessica Parker and, in more recent times, Madonna, Rihanna, Kate Moss, Beyoncé, Nicole Richie and Mila Kunis.

Chloé (French pronunciation: ​[klɔe]) is a French luxury fashion house founded in 1952 by Gaby Aghion. Aghion later joined forces with Jacques Lenoir in 1953, formally managing the business side of the brand, allowing Aghion to purely pursue the creative growth of Chloé. Its headquarters are located in Paris, France. The house is owned by luxury brands holding company Richemont Group. Chloé has been worn by many celebrities, including Marion Cotillard, Sienna Miller, Madonna, January Jones, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Cameron Diaz, Emma Stone, Clémence Poésy and Katie Holmes.

Sergio Rossi is an Italian women’s footwear company that also produces a limited range of handbags and other accessories. The brand is renowned for its craftsmanship and feminine designs. The Sergio Rossi label was owned by the French Group Kering until it was sold to Italian buyout firm Investindustrial in December 2015. Riccardo Sciutto is the CEO of Sergio Rossi.

Simon Miller is an award-winning film writer and director from the United Kingdom, who made his feature length directorial debut in 2007 with Seachd: The Inaccessible Pinnacle.

Sleepy Jones is a collection of loungewear created by Andy Spade and the design studio Partners & Spade.
The line was inspired by the lifestyles of artists like David Hockney, Pablo Picasso, and Jean Seberg.
Sleepy Jones launched with a 24-hour "sleep-in" party at the East Village hotel Lafayette House.

Sonia Rykiel (née Flis; French pronunciation: ​[sɔn.ja ʁi.kjɛl]; 25 May 1930 – 25 August 2016) was a French fashion designer and writer. She created the Poor Boy Sweater, which was featured on the cover of French Elle magazine. Her knitwear designs and new fashion techniques led her to be dubbed the "Queen of Knits". The Sonia Rykiel label was founded in 1968 upon the opening of her first store, making clothing, accessories and fragrances. Rykiel was also a writer and her first book was published in 1979. In 2012, Rykiel revealed that she was suffering from Parkinson's. She died from complications of the disease on 25 August 2016.

Sophia Grace Webster (born March 1985) is a British shoe and accessories designer who launched her eponymous footwear line in September 2012. She is renowned for a feminine, bold yet playful design approach which has led to distribution at over 200 retailers worldwide.
As a teenager, Webster was a competitive dancer. She attended The Rochester Grammar School before going on to study art and sculpture at Camberwell College of Arts in London. Realising she wanted to create shoes, Webster went on to Cordwainers' College at the London College of Fashion, and then studied for her MA at Royal College of Art. Afterwards she worked as an apprentice with Nicholas Kirkwood before setting out on her own. Condé Nast Footwear News named Webster the "Emerging Footwear Designer of the Year" of 2013, and she also appeared on The Times 2013 New Power List as someone to watch. In 2014, Marie Claire named Webster as one of 7 designers who represented the future of British fashion.
In 2013, Sophia Webster was awarded the British Fashion Award for Emerging Accessories Designer.
Webster's shoes were selected as part of the Dress of the Year ensemble for 2013 at the Fashion Museum, Bath. Chosen by the fashion blogger Susanna Lau, the pink-and-black sandals with stiletto heels accompanied a Christopher Kane dress and hat by Nasir Mazhar.
In June 2015 Webster's Riri shoe went on display at the Victoria & Albert Museum as part of their 'Shoes: Pleasure and Pain' exhibition.
In March 2016, Sophia Webster was the recipient of the BFC Vogue Fashion Fund award. The fund helps support emerging British designers with financial support as well as mentoring from industry experts. In May later that year she opened her first official store on Mount Street Mews in Mayfair, London. As of September 2016, Sophia Webster products were available through over 200 retailers around the world.

Spanx, Inc. is an American underwear maker focusing on shaping briefs and leggings, founded in Atlanta, Georgia. The company manufactures mainly pantyhose and other underwear for women and, since 2010, produces male underwear as well. Spanx specializes in foundation garments intended to make people look thinner than they actually are.

Stella Nina McCartney, OBE (born 13 September 1971) is an English fashion designer. She is the daughter of former Beatles member Paul McCartney and American musician, photographer and animal rights activist Linda McCartney.

Stuart A. Weitzman (born in 1941) is an American designer, entrepreneur and founder of the eponymous international, high-end shoe company, Stuart Weitzman. He is often credited with making the most expensive shoes in the world. In 2014 Weitzman paid a world record $9.48 million for the British Guiana 1c magenta stamp.

Alexander Wang (born December 26, 1983) is an American fashion designer and the former creative director of Balenciaga.
At age 18, he moved to New York City to attend Parsons School of Design. In 2005, after two years at Parsons, he decided to pursue the launch of his own fashion label, which predominantly began with a knitwear collection. In Fall 2007, Wang presented a complete women’s ready-to-wear collection on the New York catwalk for the first time, to critical acclaim. He won the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund in 2008, an honor accompanied by a $20,000 award to expand one's business. That same year, he launched his first handbag collection. In 2009, women’s T by Alexander Wang was launched, followed by Men’s T by Alexander Wang a year later. In 2009 he was recognized by his peers when he was announced as the winner of the CFDA’s Swarovski Womenswear Designer of the Year Award. Also in 2009, Wang was the recipient of the Swiss Textiles Award. His lines are now stocked globally in more than 700 stores and other venues; including, luxury department stores such as, Bloomingdale's, Barneys New York, Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, Dover Street Market, Browns and Net-a-Porter.
Wang is known for his urban designs. After designing a Fall 2008 collection using black as the predominant color, he designed his Spring 2009 collection using bright colors such as orange, dusty purple, aqua and hot pink. In the meantime he has reverted to using mainly black fabrics, and is often praised for exhibiting outstanding tailoring skills. On July 31, 2015, it was announced that Alexander Wang would leave Balenciaga.

Tamara Mellon, OBE (née Yeardye, born 7 July 1967) is a British fashion designer, businesswoman, and magazine editor. She is the former chief creative officer and co-founder of Jimmy Choo, a luxury brand of shoes, handbags and accessories. She stepped down from the brand in November 2011 after its acquisition by Labelux.
In 2013, Mellon announced the creation of the Tamara Mellon brand, offering a range of shoes, handbags and accessories. The brand launched in November 2013 with a group of retail partners in the US and Europe but filed for bankruptcy in 2015.
Mellon resides in New York City and London with her daughter, Araminta "Minty" Mellon.

Alice Temperley MBE (born 22 July 1975) is a British fashion designer based in London. Her fashion label, Temperley London was launched in 2000.
In 2006, The Guardian noted that she had been described by American Vogue as the designer making the biggest waves in British fashion. More recently, she has been described as the "English Ralph Lauren".

In Greek mythology, Theia (English pronunciation: /ˈθiːə/; Ancient Greek: Θεία Theía, sometimes rendered Thea, Théa or Thia), also called Euryphaessa "wide-shining", is a Titaness. Her brother/ consort is Hyperion, a Titan and god of the sun, and together they are the parents of Helios (the Sun), Selene (the Moon), and Eos (the Dawn).

Thom Browne is an American fashion designer. He is the founder and head of design for Thom Browne, a New York City-based menswear and womenswear brand. Browne debuted his womenswear collection in 2003.

The toga, a distinctive garment of Ancient Rome, was a roughly semicircular cloth, between 12 and 20 feet in length, draped over the shoulders and around the body. It was usually woven from white wool, and was worn over a tunic. In Roman historical tradition, it is said to have been the favoured dress of Romulus, Rome's founder; it was also thought to have been worn by both sexes, and by the citizen-military. As Roman women gradually adopted the stola, the toga was recognised as formal wear for Roman citizen men. Women engaged in prostitution might have provided the main exception to this rule. The type of toga worn reflected a citizen's rank in the civil hierarchy. Various laws and customs restricted its use to citizens, who were required to wear it for public festivals and civic duties.
Thomas Carlyle "Tom" Ford (born August 27, 1961) is an American fashion designer, film director, screenwriter and film producer. He gained fame as the creative director at Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent. In 2006, Ford launched his own "Tom Ford" label. Ford directed the films A Single Man (2009) and Nocturnal Animals (2016), which were Oscar-nominated.

Tomas Maier (born 1957) is a German-born designer who is Creative Director at the Italian luxury lifestyle brand Bottega Veneta, which is part of Kering.

Tory Burch (born June 17, 1966; née Robinson) is an American fashion designer, businesswoman, and philanthropist, who has won several fashion awards for her designs. She is the Chairman, CEO, and Designer of Tory Burch LLC. In 2015, she was listed as the 73rd most powerful woman in the world by Forbes.

Vanessa Bruno is a Parisian clothing designer. Before launching her first clothing brand in 1996, Vanessa worked as a model, singer and actress. She had collaborated with designer/filmmaker Stephanie Di Giusto in designing clothes for short films, including the short film "A Visual Poetry", starring Kate Bosworth in a video entitled "LØV", which was modelled around the "S-LØV-enian" lake Bled and local Lipizzaner breeds of horses, as part of Vanessa’s Fall 2011 Nordic-themed campaign.
Vanessa began her fashion label at the age of 24 in Paris, France. The fashion label included layers of knit leotards and thick leggings, and simple pastel clothing. Bruno organized her collection into different themes including ballet outfits for her Autumn/Winter 2010 collection.
Vanessa Seward is a French fashion designer. She was born in Argentina in 1969, and grew up in London before, aged 12, moving to Paris with her mother. After studying at Studio Berçot, Seward worked for nine years as an accessory designer for Chanel and Tom Ford at Yves Saint Laurent before becoming second-in-command to Loris Azzaro. Following Azzaro's death in 2003, Seward became artistic director of his fashion house. She left Azzaro in 2011, joining Jean Touitou at A.P.C. to launch a capsule ready-to-wear collection with the label.

Gianni Versace S.p.A. (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdʒanni verˈsaːtʃe]), usually referred to as Versace, is an Italian luxury fashion company and trade name founded by Gianni Versace in 1978. The main collection of the brand is Versace, which produces upmarket Italian-made ready-to-wear and leather accessories, while other diffusion lines are Versace Collection (mainly in the US), Versus Versace and Versace Jeans. The Versace logo is the head of Medusa, a Greek mythological figure. The logo came from the floor of ruins in Rome that the Versace siblings played in as children. Gianni Versace chose Medusa as the logo because she made people fall in love with her and they had no way back. He hoped his company would have the same effect on people. The Versace brand is known for having flashy prints and bright colors.

Versus is the diffusion line of Italian luxury fashion house Versace. It began in 1989 as the first diffusion lines by the house, a gift by the founder Gianni Versace to his sister, Donatella Versace. After closing in 2005, Donatella resurrected it in 2009 with a capsule collection of accessories designed by emerging British designer Christopher Kane. The brand is now very famous for its stylish analogue watches, leather accessories and chic ready-to-wear.

Victoria Caroline Beckham, OBE (née Adams; born 17 April 1974) is an English businesswoman, fashion designer, model, and singer. In the late 1990s, Beckham rose to fame with the all-female pop group Spice Girls, and was dubbed Posh Spice by the July 1996 issue of the British music magazine Top of the Pops. After the Spice Girls split, she was signed to Virgin Records and Telstar Records and had four UK Top 10 singles. Her first release, "Out of Your Mind", reached #2 in the UK Singles Chart.
Beckham has participated in five official documentaries and reality shows about her, including Victoria's Secrets, Being Victoria Beckham, The Real Beckhams, Victoria Beckham - A Mile In Their Shoes and Victoria Beckham: Coming to America. She has since made a cameo appearance in an episode of Ugly Betty, and been a guest judge on Project Runway, Germany's Next Topmodel, and American Idol.
In the past decade, Beckham has become an internationally recognised style icon and fashion designer. Following high-profile collaborations with other brands, she launched an eponymous label in 2008, and a lower-priced (diffusion) label in 2011. The Victoria Beckham label was named designer brand of the year in the UK in 2011; in 2012 the brand was assessed as the star performer in the Beckham family's business interests. Writing in the Daily Telegraph in 2011, Belinda White noted that the transition from WAG to fashion designer had been more successful than most had predicted, saying: "She has gathered a significant celebrity following and won over the scathing fashion pack who now clamour for a ticket to her bi-annual show at New York Fashion Week." She is married to David Beckham, and they have four children. As of September 2015, the couple's joint wealth is estimated at £508 million.

Wes Gordon (born Chicago, Illinois, United States) is an American fashion designer. He was raised in Atlanta, Georgia. He interned with Oscar de la Renta and Tom Ford and after graduating from Central St. Martins in London in 2009, the same year launched his own self named line of women's wear. The powerhouse department stores Harrods and Saks Fifth Avenue instantaneously took on his offerings, and the next annum Bergdorf Goodman and Kirna Zabête hopped aboard. Katy Perry, January Jones, Lena Dunham and Gwyneth Paltrow, have all worn his designs.

Zachary E. "Zac" Posen (/zæk ˈpoʊzən/; born October 24, 1980) is an American fashion designer.
